25 years of combined experience in software development, data center operations, and engineering management. Strong advocate of agile, devops, and cloud. Passionate about organizational culture, reducing cycle-time, and mentoring junior engineers.

### Development
I've worked directly and indirectly with software development teams of all skils and across multiple languages (Java, .NET, PHP, Python, Ruby).  I understand the relationships between customers, product ownership, product development, operations, security, sales, and executive leadership.  I firmly believe that companies must go through the journey of an agile transformation, and that this journey is not something that can be done quickly.  This journey involves getting development teams to understand the importance of test driven development, test automation, continuous integration, and ultimately contious delivery/deployment.  Once teams reach this level of maturity, all stakeholders benefit.  

### Operations
As development teams become more and more agile in their development, build, test, and release practices, operations teams are also transforming.  Gone are the days of the system administrator who closely guards and fiercely protects the kingdom of servers he/she has lovingly hand-crafted to meet specifications. Today, operations engineers need to use software with declaritive languages and source control to manage the infrastructure needs of the modern development team.  Automation is paramount to the success of today's operations teams. Utilizing infrastructure as code, we are better assured that systems are much more likely to avoid configuration drift and therefore have a lower likelihood of causing outages or problems.

### Cloud
It's becoming more and more apparent that cloud hosting will offer the majority of companies a better value than the traditional approach of leasing hardware and renting data-center space.    But, without proper governance and planning, you might not save as much as you think.  Forklifting applications to a cloud provider can often be more costly than a proper refactoring of the architecture.  